README.md, before:

### title
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT-License-<color>)
  Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Author](#author)
  * [Test Instructions](#testInstructions)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Technology](#technology)
  * [Github Deployed Site](#homepage)
  * [Contributors](#contributors)
  * [Github Repository](#githubRepo)
  * [Email](#email)
  * [PhoneNumber](#phoneNumber)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  
  ### Title
  title
  ### Description
  generates readme
  ### Author
  kevin
  ### Test Instructions
  
  ### Installation
  node index.js
  ### Usage
  used to generate readme
  ### Technology
  javascript, node
  ### Url
  lsdkfj
  ### Contributors
  kevin
   ### Github 
  kevin
  ### Email
  kmcateer926@gmail.com
  ### Phone
  706-867-5611
  ### License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT-License-<color>)
  MIT
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
  © 2020 kevin.  All Rights Reserved.
  ### Questions
  For additional questions, reach me at kmcateer926@gmail.com 706-867-5611

Commit message:

polishing and updating application readme for github repository

README.md, after:

### readme-generator
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT-License-<color>)
  Table of Contents
  * [Description](#description)
  * [Author](#author)
  * [Test Instructions](#testInstructions)
  * [Installation](#installation)
  * [Usage](#usage)
  * [Technology](#technology)
  * [Github Deployed Site](#homepage)
  * [Contributors](#contributors)
  * [Github Repository](#githubRepo)
  * [Email](#email)
  * [PhoneNumber](#phoneNumber)
  * [License](#license)
  * [Questions](#questions)
  
  ### Title
  readme-generator
  ### Description
  this project will help users generate a readMe faster and easier
  ### Author
  Kevin
  ### Test Instructions
  
  ### Installation
  got to my readme-generator repository and copy and paste code, https://github.com/Kmcateer926/readme-generator
  ### Usage
  run the application by typing 'node index.js', you can change the readme file name on line 92 and changing the name.  once you type node index.js you will be prompted with a series of questions. answer the questions.
  ### Technology
  node, javaScript, es6
  ### Url
  https://github.com/Kmcateer926/readme-generator
  ### Contributors
  Kevin McAteer, Beth Preston, Estefania Lupo
   ### Github 
  Kmcateer926
  ### Email
  kmcateer926@gmail.com
  ### Phone
  706-867-5611
  ### License
  ![badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/MIT-License-<color>)
  MIT
  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
  © 2020 Kevin.  All Rights Reserved.
  ### Questions
  For additional questions, reach me at kmcateer926@gmail.com 706-867-5611
